feature:(logger): pretty printing logs in local and non-prod environment (#1141)
awslabs/aws-lambda-powertools-typescript: docs/core/logger.md

| **xray_trace_id**: `string` | `1-5759e988-bd862e3fe1be46a994272793`                                                                            | X-Ray Trace ID. This value is always presented in Lambda environment, whether [tracing is enabled](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/services-xray.html){target="_blank"} or not. Logger will always log this value. |
| **error**: `Object`         | `{ name: "Error", location: "/my-project/handler.ts:18", message: "Unexpected error #1", stack: "[stacktrace]"}` | Optional - An object containing information about the Error passed to the logger                                                                                                                                                |

???+ info

>     When `POWERTOOLS_DEV` environment variable is present and set to `"true"`, Logger will pretty-print log messages for easier readability. We recommend to use this setting only when debugging on local environments.

Reviewer: Can we be explicit in all possibilities here to avoid issue around "truthy" value (e.g. `"false"` (string) is `true`)? 

```suggestion
    When `POWERTOOLS_DEV` environment variable is present and set to `"true"` or `"1"`, Logger will pretty-print log messages for easier readability. We recommend to use this setting only when debugging on local environments.
```

Given that the default value is `0` (in `docs/index.md`), I would be passing `1` here.

>     When `POWERTOOLS_DEV` environment variable is present and set to `"true"`, Logger will pretty-print log messages for easier readability. It is for debugging purposes and is not supposed to use in production environment.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    When `POWERTOOLS_DEV` environment variable is present and set to `"true"`, Logger will pretty-print log messages for easier readability. We recommend to use this setting only when debugging on local environments.
```
